EPISODE 4
Xiaoyang's mom will be home
in 10 minutes.
Let's say hi before we go.
Say hi to his mom? Why?
Didn't you want to see his mom's car?
Otherwise you'll accuse me
of faking the photo.
It's okay.
I already deleted the post.
And I have to apologize to you.
I'm sorry, Bei Weiwei.
It was a misunderstanding.
Okay, I accept.
That's it?
What else should I do?
You're not quite as I imagined.
You should never judge a person
by mere assumption.
Anyway, what happened to Xiaoyang's legs?
- Car accident.
- Car accident?
Xiaoyang lost his father
in that accident,
along with the ability to stand.
He seems quite cheerful. I didn't know...
Is it suitable for you
to expose a kid that young to gaming?
You got it wrong.
I didn't expose him to gaming.
It was he who showed me.
He showed you?
Yeah, I used to have
a bad impression of gaming, too.
I thought it was a waste of time.
When Xiaoyang's mom found me,
she hoped I could wean him off gaming.
I thought, in order to change
his perception,
I should know what gaming is all about.
So I tried it.
My view of gaming unexpectedly
changed completely.
So you fell in love with gaming?
Gaming is a world
that is neither good nor bad.
Everyone just approaches it differently.
Perhaps there are many people
like Xiaoyang,
who can't go outside.
Gaming provides opportunities
for him to see more sceneries
and meet more people.
From this perspective,
gaming is quite meaningful. No?
My only impact on Xiaoyang
is perhaps that I've steered his interests
more toward game development.
Xiaoyang has changed me, too.
My goal in life, at least for now,
is to become a game designer.
Where's Xiaoling and Sisi?
You're by yourself?
Xiaoling is with Dazhong, of course.
Sisi is always out and about nowadays.
What's this?
You're playing "A Chinese Ghost Story"?
That's right. I have to cram for it,
because of the lie
I told at the interview.
You didn't get busted. Why worry?
What if I get the internship?
If I can't answer anything they ask me,
they'll know I'm a fraud.
I'm worried about ruining
your reputation as Luwei Weiwei!
Fine. Wait, I'll show you.
No way! I don't want to be
on the same server as you.
The old server is swarming
with seasoned players.
A newbie like me can never catch up.
So, I wisely chose a new server.
The new server is called Lady Fairy.
It suits my elegance.
Also, we're all newbies,
so it's easier to communicate.
I won't lose at the starting line.
Fine. Since you've decided to take on
a new server on your own,
ask me, if have any questions.
IN-GAME COUPLES BATTLE CHAMPIONSHIP
Why is there so little news
on the championship?
I wonder when it will formally begin.
What? Video Drama Contest?
Zhenshui Wuxiang?
Don't be scared. I'm here.
I'm so glad you came.
What is this thing called love?
Why am I moved to live and die by it?
Don't say that dreadful word!
We'll return to Jinling City.
You must get well.
My heart's broken
and my tears have dried up.
Why do you ignore me?
LIUWAI WAIWAI
Liuwai Waiwai?
Stop! Why do you prefer her?
Do you know how sad it makes me?
I won't listen! Don't go!
This time, I won't let you slip away!
Social formalities have created
too many obstacles for you and me.
You're leaving me, just like this?
What have I done wrong?
All I ever want is a pure, innocent love.
Remember this, all of you!
I'll make you pay for this!
What have I done wrong?
You...
Are you okay?
Let's go.
Liuwai Waiwai? Luwei Weiwei!
What do you get out of this?
Is veiled defamation that fun for you?
I didn't think you'd be like that.
What's wrong?
It's nothing. People are evil.
I'm going to bed.
What's up?
Hello, Nai? We've got a situation.
Go check out the game forum.
Zhenshui Wuxiang made a video,
throwing shade at Mrs. Nai.
It's infuriating.
Yugong is on a tirade on the forum.
Okay, I'll be right there.
What?
Yugong! Houzi!
Throw the socks into the laundry room!
Nai is coming here!
Hurry. Into the bins.
Whose sock is this? It reeks!
Is it yours, Hao Mei?
It's not mine! It's Yu Banshan's!
- Why is it mine?
- It's Yu Banshan's!
I don't have socks!
Whose underwear is this? Yours?
No! It's not mine! It's yours!
- How come it's mine?
- It's Hao Mei's! Yes!
Zhenshui Wuxiang is so narcissistic!
He's deluded into thinking
Mrs. Nai fancies him.
He should take a look at himself.
He's no match for Nai!
Is that narcissism?
That's extreme narcissism.
I hear this guy is a rich kid.
He's okay-looking.
Nai doesn't post his photos online.
If he did,
who'd believe Mrs. Nai fancied Zhenshui?
A gamer from our server
wrote a post that said
Mrs. Nai was dumped by Zhenshui Wuxiang.
I got so mad.
I gave him a virtual tongue-lashing.
That shut him up.
Why bother with that?
Nai, just hack the post.
No, leave it.
We'll solve this civilly.
Civilly? How?
Wait for him to log on tomorrow.
Gaming is a world
that is neither good or bad.
Everyone just approaches it differently.
Perhaps there are many people
like Xiaoyang,
who can't go outside.
Gaming provides opportunities
for him to see more sceneries
and meet more people.
From this perspective,
gaming is quite meaningful. No?
Hello, Bei Weiwei!
You're jogging, too, Cao Guang?
I saw you beeping four cards earlier.
Are you going to expose me again?
I only do this occasionally,
for my fellow students.
You think I got nothing better to do?
You're not so trustworthy,
based on your history.
Thanks, though. I'll get back to jogging.
Wait! Can I treat you to a meal?
No, thanks. I'm eating with my roommates.
When are you free?
I'll treat you to breakfast.
I want to apologize for the other day.
A simple "sorry" doesn't cut it.
It's fine, really.
It's all cleared up now.
Just don't do it again.
If I went back in time, I'd do it again.
- What?
- No.
I mean, I'm glad that incident happened.
No, I mean, I'm glad to have met you.
I have another question.
Do you have a boyfriend?
I don't have a boyfriend,
nor do I plan to have one.
- I'll get back to jogging. Bye-bye!
- Bye-bye.
Today, we'll be analyzing
Hollywood genre films,
by using the case of Titanic.
I'm sure all of you have seen the movie.
This movie was co-funded
by American company, 20th Century Fox
and American company, Paramount Pictures.
The production began in 1994.
This movie
clearly embodies features
from two different genres,
romance and disaster.
This is my seat. Scoot over!
I got here first.
Cao Guang?
You know me?
I still won't give you my seat.
I was here first.
I only left to get breakfast.
See? My book is still here.
You'd better scoot, before I get riled.
Listen, I scare myself, when I'm mad.
Just let me in, okay?
Lady, are you on a slide?
The chair is broken! Can't you see?
I forgot to check my horoscope!
Poor me! Why did I have to run into him?
You're blaming others for your tardiness?
Lady, I'm a foreign languages major,
yet I failed to understand your English.
Was that a dialect?
Shut up, I say!
No more sliding at last. Much better.
What are you looking at?
Guilty conscience?
Sick of the slide?
Switched to the high bar now?
Yes, I'm on the high bar!
I'll show you how it's done!
- Are you mental?
- Are you a doctor?
What's going on?
Should we keep analyzing the movie?
Or should the class watch
your awesome performance?
You're back!
What's wrong? Did you fall?
- Weiwei, I need your comfort!
- What happened?
I ran into that annoying guy, Cao Guang.
He made me look like a fool,
and I had to sit on the high bar
for an entire class.
Walking back here,
I got the most double-takes in my life.
Then you didn't get hurt in vain.
You're a celebrity now.
Well? Is it bad?
Do you need medical attention?
No, I'll be fine.
Next time I see that jerk,
he'll get it!
You seem to be okay. Lay down for a bit.
If you're still in pain, let me know.
Zhenshui is afraid to reply to my message?
What are you doing here, Luwei Weiwei?
Isn't Yixiao Naihe in a face-off
with Zhenshui Wuxiang!
Aren't you going?
Face-off?
You've heard, right?
Let's go. Come with me.
How come it's just Yixiao Naihe?
Why isn't Zhenshui Wuxiang here?
Has he chickened out?
I don't think
Yixiao Naihe can win honorably today.
They're all players.
Why would that matter?
Zhenshui Wuxiang can only win by wealth.
Anyway, Zhenshui Wuxiang had it coming,
for making that video.
I'm so excited
that I get to see Yixiao Naihe battle.
I get to see master skills.
I'm ready to record this.
My hardware isn't up to par.
Send me the video later.
Sure.
Mrs. Nai, you're finally here!
What's going on?
Why is he suddenly battling
Zhenshui Wuxiang?
You don't know about the video?
Naihe is doing this because of the video?
Of course! This is serious.
If Naihe doesn't destroy Zhenshui Wuxiang,
how will he hold up his head in the game?
Yes! At least knock off
two grades of his cultivated status.
Two grades?
Battling doesn't affect cultivated status.
Battling doesn't, but face-off does.
Didn't you see
Naihe's letter of challenge?
I only just logged on.
He sent the letter of challenge yesterday.
The system reports on Zhenshui Wuxiang's
reaction every five minutes.
Zhenshui Wuxiang is online,
but he's afraid to accept the challenge.
Zhenshui Wuxiang
won't accept the challenge.
He and Naihe may both have
the best equipment,
but face-off is suicide for him.
His status is so high.
Dropping a grade will take him
forever to recover,
not to mention two grades.
He has no choice.
Naihe is wagering two rounds.
If Zhenshui Wuxiang wins one round,
and he wins the face-off.
Naihe will never mention the video again.
Plus, Naihe voluntarily gave up
two pieces of artifact equipment.
If Zhenshui Wuxiang can't agree
to those terms,
is he still a man?
No-show is worse than losing.
Insidious, indeed.
Zhenshui Wuxiang
and the Xiaoyu clan are here.
It's showtime!
Here they are. The Xiaoyu clan is here.
It hasn't been this bustling in forever.
Yugong, want to place a bet?
Why are we betting?
You think Naihe would lose?
Shallow! I'm betting on how many minutes
it will take for Naihe to finish him off.
Naihe has gone invisible.
That's how the master rolls.
Oh, no. He's been hit with
Naihe's Swing Rope. He's doomed!
Why can't he get free?
Wind-to-cloud, Naihe's group attack skill!
It's over already? So fast!
I didn't know Zhenshui was so mediocre.
How tedious, unexciting,
and anti-climactic!
- He's a bully!
- Zhenshui!
Everyone knows Yixiao Naihe
can take on multiple players at once.
Forcing Zhenshui into a face-off is like
ganging up on him, winning without honor!
Seriously! It's so infuriating!
Zhenshui, win or lose,
you'll always be a hero to me.
Don't worry about me, Yaoyao.
Just stand by and watch.
Yixiao Naihe,
Zhenshui is no match for you,
but you went back on your word!
What do you mean?
- You said you'd give up two artifacts!
- Yaoyao!
For the first round,
I didn't wear the ring.
He didn't wear the ring!
He still offed Zhenshui in no time.
I truly pity Zhenshui Wuxiang.
How sad for him!
It takes a month to regain
the loss of a grade in cultivated status?
If he dropped two grades...
My head hurts just thinking about it.
So boring! It's a one-sided punishment.
It pains me to watch it.
For this round,
I'll fight you with one hand.
That's not necessary.
I'll leave behind some equipment, too.
Suit yourself.
- Nice! Amazing!
- Sweet!
- Incredible!
- Fantastic!
- He's truly masterful! Incredible!
- Nice!
What do you get out of this?
If you have no self-respect,
how will others respect you?
Fine. I've been shown my place.
I'll honor the bet.
I will delete the video.
Yaoyao and I will make a new one.
My cultivated status has already dropped.
Let that be your compensation.
We don't owe each other anymore.
It's fine. Just delete the video.
Let's go.
Naihe, Zhenshui Wuxiang
also left off some equipment.
Did you expect he'd do that?
Why should I bother?
Naihe doesn't need to think
about him, okay?
But you knocked two grades
off his cultivated status.
I think he was prepared to die.
It'll take him at least two months
to recover.
You didn't think of a contingency plan?
What if something went wrong,
like the power went out,
and you couldn't get online?
Would you let him get away with the video?
If I lose, then I lose.
The missus is still around.
What Naihe means,
is if he loses,
he won't get involved anymore.
But he didn't mention Mrs. Nai.
Mrs. Nai is much stronger than Naihe.
Whenever we fight a monster,
she's always the first to strike.
Naihe is a deadbeat.
- You're too kind.
- I took a look at the forum.
He deleted the video.
That was pretty fast.
Hey! He's really that compliant?
Why do you sound disappointed?
Of course, I am.
If he doesn't delete it, we would...
- Hack his computer.
- Delete his account.
Then... I'll court Xiaoyu Yaoyao!
You guys are awful!
You're too kind.
Compared to Naihe, we're like...
A drop in the ocean.
"A drop in the ocean"?
Is that how you use that phrase?
Don't mind the details.
- Let's go, Weiwei.
- Where to?
Somewhere without them.
Hey...
It's so pretty.
You should've handled this yourself,
but there are too many busybodies
in the public chat room.
I thought it best to get it over with.
Is Naihe trying to explain himself to me?
Form an in-game marriage with me.
You're all I need.
Are you free today, Weiwei?
You don't need to treat me to a meal.
Well... Do you mind
if I walk with you for a bit?
Hello? Who are you looking for?
Weiwei? Who's this?
- Cao Guang? Weiwei isn't here.
- Nice!
Why are you so worked up?
Is Cao Guang courting you, Weiwei?
I think so. What should I do?
What do you mean? Don't think about it.
You cannot consider him, Weiwei.
The photo incident proves
this guy has a flawed character.
He only suspected the worst of you,
because that's how he is. Right?
Plus, he was so mean to me in class.
He doesn't pass my standard, Weiwei.
You cannot wager
your lifelong happiness on this guy.
Wait.
Why do I sense a lot of bad blood
between you and Cao Guang?
I just don't like him.
He may be the school's handsome genius,
second only to Xiao Nai,
but if I don't think he's good enough,
I'm sure you don't think he's good enough.
That's true.
I don't have feelings for him.
On the other hand,
if Cao Guang isn't good enough for you,
then you'll have to marry Xiao Nai!
Erxi, will you be firm with your stance?
Anyway, I think I've been clear with him.
I don't like to be ambiguous
or waste his time.
You're the best, Weiwei!
You hate my enemies, too!
But what kind of guys are you into anyway?
My head hurts.
Don't you worry about me.
Weiwei.
- What is it?
- Come here, Weiwei! It's Xiao Nai!
- Xiao Nai?
- Hurry.
- Where?
- It's Xiao Nai!
I heard he moved back on campus.
So, it's true!
What does that girl want?
Trying to defile Xiao Nai?
Wow.
I don't want anyone to defile
the god of our department,
but he's just too aloof, too coldhearted.
I can hear her heart shatter into pieces,
from this far away.
Why are you spacing out, Weiwei?
- I've got it!
- What?
I know how to reject Cao Guang now.
How?
I'll use Xiao Nai as an excuse.
There's no one sitting here?
Um, no.
Today's sweet-and-sour fish looks good.
- Will you be free later?
- Yes.
- I need to talk to you.
- Okay.
You should eat.
- I need to go.
- Okay.
Cao Guang, I know your intentions,
but I honestly don't think
we'd be compatible.
I'm sorry.
How would you know that, without trying?
I don't want to waste your time.
I don't think I'm wasting my time.
No matter what,
I have the right to court you,
until you change your mind.
Sorry, Xiao Nai.
I have to use you as an excuse.
My heart has already been given
to someone else.
Who?
Um... I've been wanting to date
a computer major,
as we speak the same language.
- So...
- Computer major?
Yes, like Xiao Nai.
What's going on?
Genius Cao got rejected
by the computer department belle?
What's it to you?
As your fellow student journalist,
I must say,
you have terrible taste!
You fell for a department belle
with a taste for luxury cars?
It's none of your business
that I got rejected.
Also, the photo incident
was a misunderstanding.
I already deleted it.
You fell for her hard!
She rejected you,
- and you still defend her?
- I'm not defending her. It's the truth.
I'm warning you. This is the end of it.
Stop gossiping.
Otherwise, you'll regret it.
There's got to be dirt on Bei Weiwei.
I'll find it, if it kills me!
Wait, no. I have to tell Yiran,
Bei Weiwei likes Xiao Nai, too.
Give it back!
You didn't tell us, you got a girlfriend?
Yeah. You should treat us to a meal!
Nonsense! She's not my girlfriend.
Not your girlfriend?
Why do you have her photo?
Isn't this Bei Weiwei
from the computer department?
That's your type?
Enough! Stop messing around.
She thinks you're not good enough?
Did she reject you?
I just haven't won her over.
Wow. Genius Cao has trouble
winning over a girl?
That's unbelievable!
You've had many girlfriends. Help him out!
Okay.
Cao Guang, play to a girl's interests,
if you want to win her over.
Do whatever it is that she likes.
Then, you'll have things to talk about.
Once you have shared interests,
you should know how to do the rest.
Gaming!
That's so clever, bro!
Dinner's on me! What shall we have?
- Really? Hot pot, then!
- Let's go!
- Go!
Yes, Class Leader Cao?
You live in Number One Girls' Dormitory?
Can you do me a favor?
Find out Bei Weiwei's avatar handle.
I'll delete your truancy record
for this month.
- Deal! I'll handle it.
- Thanks.
Want to play ball, Cao Guang?
- Sure. Be right there.
- Okay.
Go.
Nice shot!
I'm done. This is pure torture.
I want to team up with Nai!
I've been patient with you.
How dare you despise me?
What was that? Say it again!
I'll beat you silly!
You and what army?
- In-fighting.
- In-fighting!
- Don't mind them. Let's play.
- Okay.
- Guard him!
Isn't that the computer major guy?
Xiao Nai?
You're Xiao Nai?
That's me.
Care to play?
It'd be rude to decline.
Subtitle translation by Lu Yuhan